Update Next.js Guide (#1143)
zeit/docs: pages/guides/deploying-nextjs-with-now.mdx

  image:
    'https://og-image.now.sh/**Deploy%20Serverless%20Next.js**%20with%20Now.png?theme=light&md=1&fontSize=83px&images=https%3A%2F%2Fassets.zeit.co%2Fimage%2Fupload%2Ffront%2Fassets%2Fdesign%2Fnow-black.svg&images=https%3A%2F%2Fassets.zeit.co%2Fimage%2Fupload%2Ffront%2Fassets%2Fdesign%2Fnextjs-black-logo.svg&heights=250&heights=350',
  editUrl: 'pages/guides/deploying-nextjs-with-now.mdx',
  lastEdited: '2019-08-18T21:54:18.000Z'
}

Next.js is a framework, created by [ZEIT](https://zeit.co), for creating production-ready and lightning fast React applications with a lot of handy features built-in.

In this guide, you will learn how to create and deploy a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) application with [ZEIT Now](/now).

## Step 1: Set Up Your Next.js Project

> The first step in setting up your new Next.js project is to generate it with [`create-nuxt-app`](https://github.com/zeit/next.js#quick-start):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first step in setting up your new Next.js project is to generate it with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/zeit/next.js#quick-start):
```

> <Snippet dark text="yarn create next-app my-next-app && cd my-next-app" />

Reviewer 2: Using `yarn` here instead of `npm` (like [here](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/build-step/#optimized-frameworks)) can introduce some confusion to the reader. Is there a reason to use `yarn` here?

Reviewer: I think we should update all `yarn` instances with `npm` soon but this is not a blocker.

Author: Discussed briefly with @skllcrn who raised the same thing. All guides use `yarn` so that's what we settled on for now. However, one of my upcoming tasks is likely a `yarn` => `npm` everywhere.

<Caption>
  Initializing a Next.js project with <InlineCode>create-next-app</InlineCode>{' '}
  and <GenericLink href="https://yarnpkg.com">Yarn</GenericLink>, the moving into the project directory.
</Caption>

## Step 2: Deploying with Now

> With your Next.js project created, it is time to deploy to ZEIT Now with **just a single command**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With your Next.js project created, it is time to deploy with ZEIT Now using **only a single command**.
```

> <Snippet dark text="now" />

Reviewer 2: Maybe add a link that indicates how to install `Now CLI`?

Author: Good shout!
